oh yes yes can I ask you something of
course it's okay perfect but while I'm
on the subject are you
I was just about to leave so I could
give them spicy meatball
what are you psychic spicy no okay okay
all right
nari everything has a do we dispose if
we know everything is bus meatball but
series do you think I look okay for the
day you look exactly like you always
look you don't have any other how can
you say DS this is a brand new coat he
then it's gonna have no spicy meatball
on it don't have enough spaghetti sauce
I don't I have a no linguini you don't
have head or no you don't make any of
those things simply chef be able to make
different things have a specialty spicy
meatball
my father make a spicy meatball meatball
very spicy meat my great-great
grandfather make a risotto
where you going to take this Ginny
teleology maybe you could you could take
your cheese barrages why don't you see
here just sakes why don't you I used to
be a phony orders for like a five
minutes I go in there and this is
except Pinot we need an explosion your
name you know yeah and I said when you
explode yeah what would you do for like
a you know a horse to horse up okay and
what about a dog he says don't even say
don't even don't even put a kid in my
brain why don't you like cats no st.
Antonio he threw all the cats in the
river yeah all of the cats from the
rivers their spirit he's coming back to
all the Tally's all Italians were
electrometers so what do you do the cat
you don't throw them in the river
yourself by I'll drown him in the
bathtub I put him in a sink back to this
date I think that you should take her to
a dinner I go for some Thai food or
something like that
okay what about sushi
did you take it for Mexican food
Thanks
you